Hi guys so this is the last lap for cross own load balancing we're carrying on from the lab perform
we should have our free instances running across two Availability Zones.
Now what I'm gonna do is create a application load balancer.
Now we did have a target group leftover from before but I just wanted to make sure you realize that
when the protocol is TGP you won't be able to use it with an application load balancer.
So we're going to delete our target group and we're going to go to create a new low balancer.
I'm going to call this my Albee.
It's going to be Internet facing.
We're gonna have HDTV for the low balance of protocol and I need to select the two Availability Zones
where my incidences are located.
Can you use web access security group.
And I'm going to create another target group called CGI one but this time it's gonna be using the protocol
as hasty T.P. gonna just change the healthy threshold to two and let's go and register all three of
our targets and we create our load balancer.
So that would take a few minutes and then we're going to have a look at how cross own load balancing
works with an application load balancer.
Now you may remember from a slide from earlier on that we've an application load balancer the cross
own load balancing is enabled in all cases and you don't have any option you can't disable it.
So there's really only one behavior to look at in this lab.
It's been a few minutes now and our LP is active so let's copy the DNS name.
Open new tab and straight away we get to other and then census and then ever and then Celina and then
we seem to be now cycling through equally between each of the instances.
So that's exactly what I expected to see.
So this is the cross own load balancing working with an application load balancer.
Now if we just go back to this diagram this is what we're looking at with an application load balancer
cross so no balancing is always enabled.
So what we're seeing is that 33 percent of the traffic is going to each of these free instances.
So that's all we need to cover in this lab.
Guys just remember the information in this table.
So of an I'll be cross I know balancing is always enabled with an MLP it's disabled but it can be enabled
with a classic load balancer it's enabled if you create the low balance of through the console it's
disabled if you create the low balance of through the CLIA or API and you can enable or disable it manually.
So that's s across line load balancing guys.
Don't forget to delete your application load balancer and also terminate all three of your instances.